Flow maps are better in RTS style games where many mobs need to follow the same general path.
I think this would be a good for OmniDungeon, but getting it to work involves reworking several key areas.

Basic Plan:
We've already defined a queen entity and a grouping system.
We want to take make the queen (and only the queen) responsible for pathfinding to a target.
The flow field is generated by JUST the queen and is then passed the group.

The only issue I could see with this is the visual part. Assuming you can spot the queen, the hive is supposed to *follow* them.
If the queen computes the path and gives it out to the others, any of the hive members who are *faster* than the queen will quickly run ahead.

My other thought is that we can chunk the tile map.
We'll use chunk-to-chunk pathfinding (maybe A*) when the distance is > 1 chunk, and then generate the flow field for in-chunk pathfinding.
If we're multiple chunks away, we probably don't need to recompute a perfect path to the target every time it moves.
Then, we only need to recompute our in-chunk flow field when the next chunk changes.

The idea is that the flow field is ridiculously expensive to compute, so any time we can skip that, the better.

So the flow per frame is:
-> Get the target location 
-> If the target chunk has changed, get the new chunk path 
-> Then get in-chunk path to next chunk || Get in-chunk path to target

If the target's chunk has not changed, and we're > 1 chunk away, there's no new chunk-to-chunk calculation.
Also, we can keep previous flow fields for each chunk so that if any stragglers are left behind, they can follow the old paths.
